listen up this young lady here is
running a marathon
bringing a we're his hospital don't skip
around Estella and donate to a good
cause I'm gonna be there at the finish
line play I'm gonna make a big sign for
you hasn't shown up for anything then he
shows up there was an explosion and he
likes the gone bro
welcome home is it good to be back
talking to you what are you doing
dancing make a hero out of me
you need to tell you family what's going
on with you I can't do this I can't I
can't I can't do it this is the first
time you're in this week and you had
three appointments you just have to show
us I showed up for you you remind me of
my son he died helping you made me feel
that they should help my son and for
that I am grateful you're grateful
[Music]
we showed the world that they can't
break us no matter what the hell they
doing
there was this time in the hospital but
I just want to give up look at Boston
straw and now I just wanna live
[Music]
I just want people to see how amazing my
son is I wanna walk I'm gonna walk with
ullians on yet
[Applause]
[Music]
you